UHM-4257: Move pih-config files out of Mirebalais Puppet into new "op… (#87)
PIH/openmrs-module-mirebalais: README.md

Epic for making setting up a dev enviorment easier: https://pihemr.atlassian.net/browse/UHM-4245

### Step 1: (If you are directly installing MySQL on your machine) Ensure that MySQL has a password set up for the root user.
- If you are able to run ```$ mysql -u root``` and access the MySQL Monitor without receiving an access denied error,
it means that there is no root password set and you have to set it following the instructions here: https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.6/en/resetting-permissions.html
- Once the root password has been set, you should be able to access the MySQL Monitor by running:  
  ```$ mysql -u root -p``` followed by entering the password when prompted.

> 

Author: This seems to be working for me without adding this, it looks like the mirroring Cintia has set up has resolved this issue.

### Step 2: Set up the environment

> Set up the environment via the following command, chosing the serverId and dbName you want to use. Specify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up the environment via the following command, choosing the serverId and dbName you want to use. Specify
```

* Select the JDK to use (it must be 1.8)

### Step 3: Clone the configuration project for the distro you are working
The various configuration files that determine what applications and options are turned on on different servers are
found here. The configuration distro projects are as follows:

|Site|Repo  |
|---|---|
|CES|https://github.com/PIH/openmrs-config-ces|
|Liberia|https://github.com/PIH/openmrs-config-pihliberia|
|SES|https://github.com/PIH/openmrs-config-ses|
|Sierra Leone|https://github.com/PIH/openmrs-config-pihsl|
|ZL|https://github.com/PIH/openmrs-config-zl|

For instance, for the Liberia configuration the command is:

```

> $ git clone https://github.com/PIH/openmrs-config-pihliberia.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git clone https://github.com/PIH/openmrs-config-pihliberia.git`
```

```

### Step 4: Compile the configuration project and install it

> You'll need to use the OpenMRS Packager Maven plug-in to assemble the configuration and install it in the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need to use the
[OpenMRS Packager Maven plug-in](https://github.com/PIH/openmrs-packager-maven-plugin)
to assemble the configuration and install it in the application
```

data directory associated with the server you created in Step 2

Go into the top-level directory of the configuration project you checked out above and run the Maven Plugin.

Use the "serverId" you choose in Step 1

```
cd openmrs-config-liberia
mvn clean compile -DserverId=pihliberia
```

### Step 5: Start up the server

```
$ mvn openmrs-sdk:run -DserverId=[serverId]
```

> It should run for several minutes (like potentially 15 to 30 minutes), setting up the database, (you will likely have to go to http://localhost:8080/openmrs to trigger this).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should run for several minutes (like potentially 15 to 30 minutes), setting up the database,
(you will likely have to go to http://localhost:8080/openmrs to trigger this).  
```

At the end you should have a running PIH EMR instance.

## ### Step 6: Tweak the configuration

At this point, the configuration will be set up with the 'default' configuration for your chosen distro.

You will likely want to update the configuration for a specific server within that distro.

A openmrs-runtime.properties file should have been created in `~/openmrs/[serverId]`.

> You will need to add one line to these file pecifying which of config to use for this server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to add a line to this file specifying which config to use for this server.
```
